## Cryptex Exchange
### Introduction to Cryptex
Cryptex is a publicly owned and decentralized token exchange built in Ethereum. Anyone can list or trade any ERC20 compliant token.
These tokens can incorporate advanced features and offer interactivity instead of only representing a balance of funds. Anyone can issue, list and trade tokens on Cryptex without approval of any 3rd parties. Deposits and withdrawals are controlled entirely by the user and at no time your funds are accessible by anyone other than yourself. ad of only representing a balance of funds. Optionally buy Cryptex shares and receive an immutable dividend on all trading volume. To trade on Cryptex you must first deposit tokens to buy or sell. When you deposit tokens on Cryptex they are in a unique account controlled only by you, the user. Once deposited, they must be transferred to your exchange wallet before you can trade. Cryptex uses a double account/wallet system to ensure that accounts always have enough tokens to cover their orders.

### What is decentralized exchange?
Unlike centralized exchanges, their decentralized counterparts do not require intermediaries for their operation. Instead of matching buy orders and sell orders in an order book, a decentralized exchange operates by matching the people behind those buy and sell orders. For example, if Bob wanted to purchase 5 coins, he would be directly matched with Alice, who also wants to sell 5 coins. From there, Bob and Alice can agree to a price and finalize their trade. A preprogramed matching exchange software facilitates this entire process, so, there is no need for any intermediary involvement.
The architecture of decentralized exchanges means that there are significant advantages to using them. For example, the absence of an intermediary allows for almost non-existent trading fees. Decentralized exchanges are also more private, centralized exchanges often require personal information and proof of identity e.g. passport, in order to trade on their platform. A decentralized exchange like Cryptex does not require any disclosure of identity, with a disclosure of identity only being required to the individual that you are conducting the trade with. Lastly, the issue of security is also improved under the decentralized exchange model. Decentralized exchanges do not hold cryptocurrency for users, and instead, users are connected directly with each other, meaning that you do not have to worry about the security of your cryptocurrency sitting on an exchange.
We really believe that blockchain is future, so we are developing Cryptex Decentralized ERC20 Token Exhcange, where all exchange revenue is immutably distributed to shareholders via Smart Contract.

- Our [whitepaper](https://cryptex.cc/whitepaper.pdf)
- Official [website](https://cryptex.cc/)
- Our [exchange](https://exchange.cryptex.cc/)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/cryptexcc)